1. Python programming language is developed by Guido van Rossum
2. Python supports Object oriented, Structured and Functional programming.
3. Yes, Python is a case sensitive language when dealing with identifiers.
4. The extensions for Python files are '.py'
5. Python is an interpreted language.
6. Few blocks of codes are: a modules, a function body and a class definition.
7. We can write a single-line comment by adding a single '#' character before any statement or line of code.
8. We can use the sys.version method present in the sys(system) module to print the version of the Python interpreter installed on the system.
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions (i.e. functions that are not bound to a name) at runtime, using a construct called lambda
10. A pip is (an acronym of “pip Install Packages”) today the standard tool for installing Python packages and their dependencies in a secure manner.
11. Some built-in Python functions are print( ) function, type( ) function, input( ) function.
12. An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python.
13. Some benefits of using Python are:
    i)    Simple to Use and Understand. For newcomers, Python is simple to understand and us
    ii)   Free and Open-Source
    iii)  Productivity has Increased
    iv)   Interpreted Language
     v)   Extensive library
     vi)  Dynamically Typed
    vii)  Portability
    viii) Supportive community
14. Python uses the dynamic memory allocation which is managed by the Heap data structure.
15. i)   Install python from web
    ii)  After this, install it on your PC. Look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using tge following command on your command                prompt: cmd python.
    iii) Then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path.
    iv)  Then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit
     v)  Add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type '%PYTHON_HOME%'
 16. Indentation is important to Python, because it's how you determine scope. Scope is how Python knows what code belongs to what part of the program.